https://cdhb.careercentre.net.nz/Job/Systems-Engineer/Christchurch/23554

You can be part of the manaaki hauora (Health Industry)!

This is a great opportunity to work on an exciting digital transformation programme. This is a permanent, full-time position available in the Core Systems Team (CST).

Mō te tūnga | About the role

The System Engineer is responsible for working with the Information Service Group (ISG) Department to provide a level of service excellence across all Information and Communication Technology [ICT] solutions while maintaining the development and delivery of the ISG work plan. In assuming this responsibility, the role enables the System Engineer to be a productive and valued partner of the business and tautoko (supports) the business to achieve its goals.

You will be responsible for:

The design, implementation and maintenance of infrastructure that hosts applications on public cloud (AWS, Azure) providers, New Zealand based IaaS providers and on-premise physical and virtual hardware
The planning and installation, testing and maintenance of operating systems, application software and system automation and management tools
Providing infrastructure level 3 expertise and tautoko (support) to our CDHB application support kapa (teams), South Island health system, IT teams and application solution providers
Ngā pūkenga me ngā wheako | Skills and experience

Skills required:

3-5 years’ experience in System Administrator or System Engineer roles
Experience with Microsoft technologies including Active Directory, Exchange, Teams, One Drive
Experience in operational processes, including the implementation of server patching, and system monitoring
A tertiary level qualification – Bachelor’s Degree in Software Development, Computing Systems, Information Services, Science, Engineering or related field
Public Cloud Certification(s) is highly desirable
Mō mātou | About Us

“Ko ngā tāngata, te mātua mahi - Putting people at the heart of all we do”

We are committed to honouring Te Tiriti o Waitangi and its principles by ensuring our partnership with Māori are at the forefront of all our conversations. We believe in improving, promoting, and protecting the health and well-being of the Canterbury and the West Coast community.

The culture at Canterbury District Health Board, is driven by our ā Mātou Uara (Our Value​​​​​​​s):

Care and respect for others - Manaaki me te whakaute i te tangata.
Integrity in all we do - Hāpai i ā mātou mahi katoa i runga i te pono.
Responsibility for outcomes - Te Takohanga i ngā hua
Ngā hua | Benefits of working at CDHB

When you work at the Canterbury District Health Board, you are part of a wider whānau that will support you along your journey. We offer great coaching, mentoring and learning outcomes for all staff. We are always improving our facilities across all campuses and have amazing discounts from select retailers, restaurants and businesses. At the DHB, you are part of something greater than yourself and encouraged to be your unique self.

Tono ināianei | Apply Now

Only applications submitted via our career site will be accepted, therefore apply directly on our career site here. Contact us on recruitment@cdhb.health.nz for additional information.

We have a range of clinical and non-clinical roles at CDHB, there could be a place for you!

Please visit our careers website for other roles and find your ideal fit within the Canterbury District Health Board.

The Future of the Health Industry

The role that you are applying for is one that may only be performed by a person who has been vaccinated against Covid-19. It is therefore a condition of this application that you are vaccinated against Covid-19. This vaccination requirement includes gaining Booster Doses required to perform your role under the Health Order. As a person working in the health and disability sector you will come into contact with a large number of people, some of whom may be vulnerable.  Without a vaccine, there is the risk that you may contract Covid-19.  The requirement to be vaccinated is to keep you safe and also to endeavour to protect others against the potential transmission of Covid-19 as a result of you contracting it in the course of your employment.

Nau mai, haere mai, tauti mai!
